README.md, before:

[![Bitcoin ABC Logo](share/pixmaps/bitcoinabclogo.png "Bitcoin ABC")](https://www.bitcoinabc.org)

The goal of Bitcoin ABC is to create sound money that is usable by everyone in
the world. We believe this is a civilization-changing technology which will
dramatically increase human flourishing, freedom, and prosperity. The project
aims to achieve this goal by implementing a series of optimizations and
protocol upgrades that will enable peer-to-peer digital cash to scale many
orders of magnitude beyond current limits.

What is Lotus?
---------------------

[Lotus](https://givelotus.org/) is a digital
currency that enables instant payments to anyone, anywhere in the world. It
uses peer-to-peer technology to operate with no central authority: managing
transactions and issuing money are carried out collectively by the network.
Lotus is a descendant of Bitcoin.

What is Bitcoin ABC?
--------------------

Bitcoin ABC is the name of open-source software which enables the use of
Lotus. It is a fork of the [Bitcoin Core](https://bitcoincore.org)
software project.

License
-------

Bitcoin ABC is released under the terms of the MIT license. See
[COPYING](COPYING) for more information or see
<https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT>.

Development Process
-------------------

This Github repository contains only source code of releases.

Bitcoin ABC development takes place at [reviews.bitcoinabc.org](https://reviews.bitcoinabc.org/)

If you would like to contribute, please read [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Disclosure Policy
-----------------

See [DISCLOSURE_POLICY](DISCLOSURE_POLICY.md)

Commit message:

Cherry-pick from 5843fea81
Basically all changes in this commit were accepted. The most noteworthy
changes that were not accepted were everything in `src/*` except for
`validation.cpp`. This commit added the SHAME_PREFIX removal,
dockerfiles, github workflows, and tons of other stuff.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://lotusia.org">
    <img src="share/pixmaps/lotuslogo.png" alt="Lotus" title="Lotus" width="60%" style="max-width: 500px; height: auto;">
  </a>
</p>

# Lotus: Digital Currency for Human Relationships

The goal of Lotus is to foster human relationships, build reciprocal culture, and bolster societal value production online and offline. We believe this is a civilization-changing technology which will dramatically increase human flourishing, freedom, and prosperity. The project aims to achieve this goal by implementing optimizations and protocol upgrades that enable peer-to-peer digital cash to scale many orders of magnitude beyond current limits.

## What is Lotus?

[Lotus](https://lotusia.org/) is a digital currency that enables instant payments to anyone, anywhere in the world. It uses peer-to-peer technology to operate with no central authority: managing transactions and issuing money are carried out collectively by the network. Lotus combines the best qualities of the modern monetary system and the new generation of digital cryptocurrencies, resulting in an ethical currency that is economically viable.

Key features:
- **Debt-free**: Issued through Proof-of-Work mining
- **Inflationary**: No arbitrary issuance cap, removing incentives to hoard
- **Abundant**: Issuance of new Lotus is adjusted to demand of the Lotusia economy
- **Stabilizing**: Lotus can be removed from circulation through voluntary destructive use to stabilize volatility

## Core Principles

Reciprocity is the core of all human relationships. The Lotus currency facilitates and symbolizes the value we see in each other, allowing us to build a more connected and prosperous society.

## Technology

Lotus is a fork of Bitcoin ABC that has been enhanced and modified to support the Lotusia vision. The blockchain is highly scalable, permissionless, and designed to adapt to the growing needs of the ecosystem.

## Community Resources

- Website: [https://lotusia.org/](https://lotusia.org/)
- Block Explorer: [https://explorer.lotusia.org/](https://explorer.lotusia.org/)
- Telegram Channel: [https://t.me/givelotus](https://t.me/givelotus)

## License

Lotus is released under the terms of the MIT license. See [COPYING](COPYING) for more information or see <https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT>.

## Development Process

This Github repository contains the source code of Lotus. If you would like to contribute, please read [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Disclosure Policy
-----------------

See [DISCLOSURE_POLICY](DISCLOSURE_POLICY.md)
